com/group22/news_management/view/activity/NewsDetailActivity.java
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.NewsDetailActivity
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.NewsDetailActivity$1
com/group22/news_management/view/SignUpView.java
 com.group22.news_management.view.SignUpView
com/group22/news_management/model/WeatherForecastData.java
 com.group22.news_management.model.WeatherForecastData
com/group22/news_management/model/RoleModel.java
 com.group22.news_management.model.RoleModel
com/group22/news_management/model/Wind.java
 com.group22.news_management.model.Wind
com/group22/news_management/utils/HTMLParser.java
 com.group22.news_management.utils.HTMLParser
com/group22/news_management/model/NewsModel.java
 com.group22.news_management.model.NewsModel
com/group22/news_management/dao/impl/UserDAOImpl.java
 com.group22.news_management.dao.impl.UserDAOImpl
com/group22/news_management/view/activity/SettingsActivity.java
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.SettingsActivity
com/group22/news_management/view/activity/SignUpActivity.java
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.SignUpActivity
com/group22/news_management/dao/impl/RoleDAOImpl.java
 com.group22.news_management.dao.impl.RoleDAOImpl
com/group22/news_management/model/CategoryModel.java
 com.group22.news_management.model.CategoryModel
com/group22/news_management/app/FacebookApp.java
 com.group22.news_management.app.FacebookApp
com/group22/news_management/view/activity/ResetPasswordActivity.java
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.ResetPasswordActivity
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.ResetPasswordActivity$1
com/group22/news_management/view/activity/ForgotPasswordActivity.java
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.ForgotPasswordActivity
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.ForgotPasswordActivity$1
com/group22/news_management/model/SavedModel.java
 com.group22.news_management.model.SavedModel
com/group22/news_management/model/Main.java
 com.group22.news_management.model.Main
com/group22/news_management/view/activity/LoginActivity.java
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.LoginActivity
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.LoginActivity$1
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.LoginActivity$2
com/group22/news_management/model/CommentModel.java
 com.group22.news_management.model.CommentModel
com/group22/news_management/view/activity/TypeVerifyCodeActivity.java
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.TypeVerifyCodeActivity
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.TypeVerifyCodeActivity$1
com/group22/news_management/utils/XMLDOMParser.java
 com.group22.news_management.utils.XMLDOMParser
com/group22/news_management/view/activity/IntroActivity.java
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.IntroActivity
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.IntroActivity$1
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.IntroActivity$2
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.IntroActivity$3
com/group22/news_management/presenter/impl/RolePresenterImpl.java
 com.group22.news_management.presenter.impl.RolePresenterImpl
com/group22/news_management/dao/RoleDAO.java
 com.group22.news_management.dao.RoleDAO
com/group22/news_management/api/WeatherAPI.java
 com.group22.news_management.api.WeatherAPI
com/group22/news_management/presenter/impl/LoginPresenterImpl.java
 com.group22.news_management.presenter.impl.LoginPresenterImpl
 com.group22.news_management.presenter.impl.LoginPresenterImpl$1
com/group22/news_management/presenter/impl/CategoryPresenterImpl.java
 com.group22.news_management.presenter.impl.CategoryPresenterImpl
com/group22/news_management/view/activity/TrendingActivity.java
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.TrendingActivity
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.TrendingActivity$1
com/group22/news_management/adapter/CommentListAdapter.java
 com.group22.news_management.adapter.CommentListAdapter
 com.group22.news_management.adapter.CommentListAdapter$1
 com.group22.news_management.adapter.CommentListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/group22/news_management/view/activity/HomeActivity.java
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.HomeActivity
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.HomeActivity$1
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.HomeActivity$2
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.HomeActivity$3
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.HomeActivity$ReadRSS
com/group22/news_management/presenter/LoginPresenter.java
 com.group22.news_management.presenter.LoginPresenter
com/group22/news_management/model/UserModel.java
 com.group22.news_management.model.UserModel
com/group22/news_management/dao/UserDAO.java
 com.group22.news_management.dao.UserDAO
com/group22/news_management/model/Clouds.java
 com.group22.news_management.model.Clouds
com/group22/news_management/view/activity/WeatherForecastActivity.java
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.WeatherForecastActivity
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.WeatherForecastActivity$1
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.WeatherForecastActivity$2
com/group22/news_management/presenter/SignUpPresenter.java
 com.group22.news_management.presenter.SignUpPresenter
com/group22/news_management/view/activity/ThemeActivity.java
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.ThemeActivity
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.ThemeActivity$1
com/group22/news_management/utils/StringHandler.java
 com.group22.news_management.utils.StringHandler
com/group22/news_management/view/LoginView.java
 com.group22.news_management.view.LoginView
com/group22/news_management/adapter/CategoryListAdapter.java
 com.group22.news_management.adapter.CategoryListAdapter
 com.group22.news_management.adapter.CategoryListAdapter$1
 com.group22.news_management.adapter.CategoryListAdapter$2
 com.group22.news_management.adapter.CategoryListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/group22/news_management/adapter/SavedNewsListAdapter.java
 com.group22.news_management.adapter.SavedNewsListAdapter
 com.group22.news_management.adapter.SavedNewsListAdapter$1
 com.group22.news_management.adapter.SavedNewsListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/group22/news_management/view/activity/UpdateAvatarActivity.java
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.UpdateAvatarActivity
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.UpdateAvatarActivity$1
com/group22/news_management/view/activity/GetStartedActivity.java
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.GetStartedActivity
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.GetStartedActivity$1
com/group22/news_management/view/activity/SaveNewsActivity.java
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.SaveNewsActivity
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.SaveNewsActivity$1
com/group22/news_management/api/NewsManagementAPI.java
 com.group22.news_management.api.NewsManagementAPI
com/group22/news_management/view/activity/CommentActivity.java
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.CommentActivity
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.CommentActivity$1
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.CommentActivity$2
com/group22/news_management/adapter/HotNewsListAdapter.java
 com.group22.news_management.adapter.HotNewsListAdapter
 com.group22.news_management.adapter.HotNewsListAdapter$1
 com.group22.news_management.adapter.HotNewsListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/group22/news_management/view/activity/UserProfileActivity.java
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.UserProfileActivity
com/group22/news_management/presenter/impl/SignUpPresenterImpl.java
 com.group22.news_management.presenter.impl.SignUpPresenterImpl
 com.group22.news_management.presenter.impl.SignUpPresenterImpl$1
com/group22/newsmanagerment/BuildConfig.java
 com.group22.newsmanagerment.BuildConfig
com/group22/news_management/presenter/RolePresenter.java
 com.group22.news_management.presenter.RolePresenter
com/group22/news_management/model/ResponseWeatherData.java
 com.group22.news_management.model.ResponseWeatherData
com/group22/news_management/view/HomeView.java
 com.group22.news_management.view.HomeView
com/group22/news_management/presenter/CategoryPresenter.java
 com.group22.news_management.presenter.CategoryPresenter
com/group22/news_management/adapter/NewsListAdapter.java
 com.group22.news_management.adapter.NewsListAdapter
 com.group22.news_management.adapter.NewsListAdapter$1
 com.group22.news_management.adapter.NewsListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/group22/news_management/model/Categories.java
 com.group22.news_management.model.Categories
com/group22/news_management/adapter/DailyWeatherForecastListAdapter.java
 com.group22.news_management.adapter.DailyWeatherForecastListAdapter
 com.group22.news_management.adapter.DailyWeatherForecastListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/group22/news_management/database/DatabaseHelper.java
 com.group22.news_management.database.DatabaseHelper
com/group22/news_management/model/Weather.java
 com.group22.news_management.model.Weather
com/group22/news_management/presenter/impl/UserPresenterImpl.java
 com.group22.news_management.presenter.impl.UserPresenterImpl
com/group22/news_management/view/activity/AutoPlayVideoActivity.java
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.AutoPlayVideoActivity
 com.group22.news_management.view.activity.AutoPlayVideoActivity$1
com/group22/news_management/utils/Session.java
 com.group22.news_management.utils.Session
com/group22/news_management/presenter/UserPresenter.java
 com.group22.news_management.presenter.UserPresenter
